fix(clerk-js): Always invoke an injected Web3 Wallet provider (#4734)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/nine-penguins-grab.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
---

> Always invoke an injected Web3 Wallet provider, if any, to allow the user to continue the flow rather than be a no-op

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bug fix: When the requested web3 provider cannot be found use any other available injected Web3 Wallet provider, instead of blocking the sign-in/sign-up flow.
```
